what happened is good I'm from mario we go with
the equipment that I will use for the
third day of layún of the youtube
last indie that touches me against all
link there is a delay in the match I was going to
be on Wednesday at 3 now is going to be
on Thursday at 3 because everything is going
have some little problems so the
Thursday at 3 you will have the game and
As you can see, the base of the team is
practically the same one we're going to use it on
Bundesliga team but there are four
important changes in the team as
you see mc goal or the two ends if
the team was the host to look at the
goal that we would have not opened and
there is an open ticket, good is
testing him and has had some sung
that another thought that being totti
have so much media because I would not have
big shit but I do not know has not
cost 800 thousand more or less and I do not know no
I know they think I do not deserve so much
in truth worth more or we'll see
How does it work?
in they would remove a very strange name but it is
that has a shot of the host this
kid cost me 90 thousand coins
he came out in his version and put him to motor
maybe I missed a little the 90 of
Dodge that had a car but is that the
shot that this man has there
try it had to prove it yes or yes
he did not even try it yet
I will have to prove to this player that such
look at the right end kids
look at the far right there is
arjen robben yf a million and a half of
coins I have prepared a review
practically good I have a lot of
robben clips and for to make a
first review will be from robben I hope
that you like and that's why there's going to be
robben clips in this video now at
final puts some pretty fixes on the
far left now now yes by
please the star of the team came the
moment to introduce yourself to ribéry tote there
is
Take a look, prepare yourself the equipment that you
I have prepared in the absence of the amp totti and
I think the best boom in the newspaper is
You can prepare and I know many
say it dante that they caught you
court
I'm sorry to vote and and jump I do not know I do not know
there is no one who takes it away they vote what they have
updated now vote there is a powerful
defense of 83 average but good was
very expensive and I'm staying with this one
let's see a few little golitos here
is rose vale royce that those of the goal that
is going to do royce here I 've already seen that you
change by ribery because ribéry totti
but but royce is a piece of machine
I have seen that authentic goal first
to say that he has lent it to me because
how is it going to be the last game that goes to
play with the bundesliga team to not
catch the river and then sell it
lose currency well the one who had it
I borrowed it and well later
If I see you like the review of
robben and then leave me the comments and
you want me to make one of ribery because
has 5 this dribble and I think that
can come out some very interesting clips
until I make the next team os
advance or be a preview of the next
team is what I want to do for the
fourth day that would be against charlie
and well the next team would be
I'm going to say two Christian players
ronaldo and leo messi and I've been
watching goal of goal of gündogan gündogan
of mc or as I always say it in Gan
I find it impressive here you have to
You are going to notice something that you are going to do
praises from there that he takes her to the
vice is
complete and the team in general have
all practically very good pass not us
fail passes are pretty enough
agile everyone is a team sincerely
I like this team more than that of the
series there is look and notice that the one of the
series I liked and gave me gave me good
results but this team from another
from another pasta and that
there are still four monkeys there are three
really four players that no longer 34
sorry there are two players that I have not
proven that they are river and totti in
they would remove this because they robbed and yes they already
I'm telling you already so I've already tried
not open and also that of that fact
here you have the clips no no you are not going to
see goals from robben and because I already tell you
that I have prepared the review with him and
has come out very good clicks you can
know , you will see, I will understand upload it
week and I tell you if you want then
I will try to make one of ribery totti
lewandowski yes very good
will be within the area is spectacular is
the best forward I 've tried inside
of the area but I like it more I think
better balotelli and the truth for
speed and force
but you see that elevating yes what yes
You have four you get balotelli
you have only three and you can tell the time
to bargain and do more varied things
it continues to raise equipment within
fix these cuts before
catch the ball and I'm liking it
You'll tell me a lot about what you think
team but good is brutal let's see
how about river and toti is the first top and
in shock plan approved that there's no
you're a doorman, it's not been for
so much the truth there are not these and we go to
river and how about that and then leave me
the comments we think the team that
I would change and I think we go no I do not
nothing would honestly change the
central santana for example you win everything
all all overlook both corner kick
please as against and I who know the
team is very fun there is a mold
car that I change you would conquer already
direct who we think is better without removing
and last night I was marginalized for trying
shot of
of the player this sleeping and good and
a final goal to fire is going to be
marko royce goal that we have sold
let's see how we render river and
toti and well you know on Thursday at 3
and mario contract is valid and I hope that you
like it and nothing we know in the next video
have another